Review NServiceBus headers page (#7210)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/messaging/headers.md

| Publish     | The message is an event that has been published and will be sent to all subscribers.                                                                               |
| Subscribe   | A [control message](#messaging-interaction-headers-nservicebus-messageintent) indicating that the source endpoint wants to subscribe to a specific message.   |
| Unsubscribe | A [control message](#messaging-interaction-headers-nservicebus-messageintent) indicating that the source endpoint wants to unsubscribe to a specific message. |
| Reply       | The message has been initiated by doing a Reply or a Return from within a Handler or a Saga.                                                                       |

### NServiceBus.ControlMessage

Indicates that the message is a control message, i.e., it has no body, and the intent of the message and any data are transmitted in the message headers.

### NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress

Downstream message [handlers](/nservicebus/handlers) or [sagas](/nservicebus/sagas) use this value as the reply queue address when replying or returning a message.

## Send headers

When a message is sent, the headers will be as follows:

snippet: HeaderWriterSend

> In the above example, the headers are for a Send, and hence, the `MessageIntent` header is `Send`. If the message were published instead, the `MessageIntent` header would be `Publish`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, the headers are for a Send operation, and hence, the `MessageIntent` header is `Send`. If the message were published instead, the `MessageIntent` header would be `Publish`.
```

snippet: HeaderWriterReplySending

The headers of the reply message will be:

snippet: HeaderWriterReplyReplying

## Publish headers

When a message is published, the headers will be as follows:

snippet: HeaderWriterPublish

## Return from a handler

When returning a message instead of replying:

* The Return has the same points as the Reply example above but with some additions.
* The `ReturnMessage.ErrorCode` contains the value supplied to the `Bus.Return` method.

### Example return headers

Given an initiating message with the following headers:

snippet: HeaderWriterReturnSending

The headers of the reply message will be:

snippet: HeaderWriterReturnReturning

## Timeout headers

### NServiceBus.ClearTimeouts

This is a header to indicate that the contained [control message](#messaging-interaction-headers-nservicebus-messageintent) requests that timeouts be cleared for a given saga.

### NServiceBus.Timeout.Expire

A timestamp that indicates when a timeout should be fired.

### NServiceBus.Timeout.RouteExpiredTimeoutTo

The queue name to which a timeout should be routed back to when it expires.

### NServiceBus.IsDeferredMessage

> A header to indicate that this message resulted from a message Defer request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A header to indicate that this message resulted from a message deferral.
```

### ServiceControl.TargetEndpointAddress

Value: Queue name

> Used by the messaging bridge to return failed messages back to the correct queue

Reviewer: Maybe add a link?
